In the previous lesson,
you used Univariate Visualizations or visualizations of
single variables to begin exploring your research questions.
In this lesson, you will continue to develop
your insights through Bivariate Visualizations.
Bivariate Visualizations are those that involve two variables.
We use Bivariate Visualizations to look at relationships.
When we change the level or value of one variable,
what kind of changes do we expect from the second?
Are there consistent patterns or trends?
Are there multiple clusters in which our data points fall?
We will look at three major bivariate plots.
For quantitative versus quantitative variables,
there are scatter plots.
For quantitative versus qualitative,
we use violin plots.
And for qualitative versus qualitative,
we discuss clustered bar charts.
You will also learn about bivariate plot types to summarize
your data and how to adapt univariate plots for bivariate data.